Shall we?
Baba, you're feeling dizzy?
My fuse has blown.
it's because you didn't come with me in our childhood
The restaurant is closed.
Baba...Camel.
Baba, first the giant wheel
and now the café.
Fun times.
Look human camel.
Cheetah would enjoy seeing him.
Chitwan, shut up!
Chanchal.
Chanchu.
Chancal.
What is going on, Chanchal?
Hey.
Are you gonna talk to me or what?
I think she's lost her memory.
Chanchu.
This is Chandan.
Baba beautiful.
Chitwan.
Your favorite Chits.
Have you forgotten?
Your men put a gun to my head.
They kidnapped us
and put us on the giant wheel.
I see.
- You see?
Good.
Because I don't.
What the hell is happening?
What is this?
- Read it.
The book Tripling by Chandan Sharma
has brought tremendous disrepute..
..and trauma to the prestigious
Singh family of Jodhpur.
It misleads people into believing
that their heir Kunwar Pranav Singh..
..is impotent and incompetent.
What is this?
Lawsuit.
You're suing me?
If your film production
doesn't stop immediately..
..you will have to pay our
family 500 million rupees in damages.
500 million?
Are you crazy?
- Exactly.
Why would our family get it?
Pranav's family will..
Sorry. Sorry. Continue.
How could you do this to me?
I am your sister by birth.
I wouldn't hurt you even
if you were my step sister.
You guys are making
a mountain of a mole hill.
How dare you say Pranav is impotent!
Couples say irrelevant
things to each other in anger.
Does that mean you can spice it
up and print it in your book?
Did you once think of the repercussions?
I haven't even mentioned impotency.
Why don't you read the book?
I simply hinted that Pranav
might not be too sexually active.
How the hell do you know that?
Do you come and sleep in
our bedroom with us every day?
Chanchal, don't be absurd!
Baba, brother-in-law is
not that sexually inactive.
I heard plenty of sounds in Manali.
I got out for a smoke.
You two were playing polo.
Tents aren't soundproof.
- Chitwan, shut up.
Read the book once
and you will understand everything.
How does it matter now?
Pranav left me.
- What?
Suicide?
- Shut up, Chiwan!
We don't know anything yet.
He is missing.
Nobody said anything when
the book was released.
It was when the film was
announced that they realized..
..that their governance
and the future MLA has been ridiculed.
After being banned in Rajasthan
the book's sales went up.
That's when somebody tweeted about it.
Hashtag, brother-in-law is impotent.
- Hey!
That's my line.
It went viral.
People started talking crap about it.
And one week before elections
the party asked him to step down.
I even tried to call mum
and dad, but they were unreachable.
I tried calling you also
but as usual you were unavailable.
I was in the US.
On a book tour.
Mom and dad are on a cruise.
You must have not got
through to my phone either.
I changed the phone and number
when I was released from jail.
Sorry.
It has been 20 days.
When I woke up in the morning
some clothes, his boots..
..a bag and he were missing.
- Missing?
Where did he go?
Would Chanchu be upset
if she knew that, Baba?
And why are you going around in
a sari like Katrina Kaif of politics.
I am the MLA of the
constituency, damn it!
Crap!
Nice!
When Pranav stepped down the
party felt I should step up.
It would appear that
I am supporting him.
Rajput wives are strong anyways.
It was a case of sympathy votes
and I won the election.
Even Pranav was very supportive.
But after the elections..
..rumors of the king being
impotent spread even more.
Two days later Pranav disappeared.
He just left.
And the worst part is,
everyone at the mansion feels..
..that I got Pranav killed for power.
What?
This is because of you.
Baba, this is wrong.
Okay.
First of all nowhere have
I written that Pranav is impotent.
I wrote that incident as
a joke when you two were arguing..
..and he very innocently asked me,
"Is brother-in-law impotent?
I thought it was a f****** joke,
which was hilarious..
..but if you take it out
of context and look at it..
I don't care about
your God damn context!
And I think I never said it, Baba.
Damn you, B******!
Of course you said it.
Baba, respect.
You are older but I too am a father.
You are on probation!
Don't brag.
Wait.
What the hell!
You have a child?
- Yes.
I am not impotent.
- Scumbag!
That is not your biological child.
Baba, don't put logic
where there's emotion.
Biological, Chitwan.
Excuse me, highness.
The younger highness has arrived.
- Witch!
What's the matter?
- The witch is hounding me.
She spread the rumor that
I killed Pranav..
..and buried his body
somewhere in the vicinity.
Crime patrol is going on here.
The lunatic has her
own investigation going.
We find pits dug up around
the mansion every second day.
As thought I killed Pranav,
dug a pit and buried him there.
What?
Greetings, highness.
A frame has been found ten
yards from the mansion.
Frame?
- Skeleton.
The clothing resembles the
king's and the bones are recent..
..so Ms. Nirmala claims it is Mr. Pranav.
What do you mean that she claims it?
- Exactly.
You people cannot make
accusations without concrete evidence.
Chanchu, don't worry.
My girlfriend is a top lawyer.
Shut up, Chitwan.
A corpse doesn't turn
into a skeleton in 3 weeks.
What kind of nonsense is that?
The media and Police have
arrived at the mansion.
And here too.
Ms. Nirmala has brought them.
Highness.
There is turmoil in the local party
office on hearing this news.
The party President
has summoned you.
Damn!
I need to fix this.
Bring the car at the back.
I will go to the
headquarters right away.
Baba.
Let's go.
We shall go there
and demonstrate unity.
Go and see where Chanchal is.
Hi, sister-in-law.
- Nirmala.
My name is Nirmala.
The last time you did not
give me a chance to tell you.
Why are you doing this?
Chanchal hasn't done anything.
Possibly.
But it is also possible
that she has done it.
People instigate riots
for political power..
..and get hundreds of people killed.
Father, brother,
husband, sister.
These relationships mean nothing.
Look at history.
Chanchal has no interest in politics.
Only because she was pressurized..
- Oh!
Possibly.
But it is also possible that
she is telling lies.
Like she did the last time.
About being pregnant.
Look.
Chanchal loves Pranav very much.
- What is love?
Even I loved Pranav's older brother.
What happened?
He got paralyzed in a polo accident.
Neck down.
I hope you understand.
Then he suffered a stroke,
I thought finally, but he survived.
Then..
..I met you.
Tall.
Handsome.
Not paralyzed.
You see.
On top of it you are rich
and you are an author.
Family has a criminal background.
But..
..you didn't even ask me my name.
Look, sister-in-law.
Nirmala.
What happened to you was very bad.
But..
- You know I have a lineage?
I have far more knowledge than
Chanchal about our history, culture..
..our society and this
political situation.
I thought that the party would
ask me to step forward.
But I am not fair skinned.
I don't look desirable.
No.
That is not true.
Even you are desirable.
It's just..
- Really?
Am I..
desirable?
- Sister-in-law, please behave yourself.
You have created too
many problems already.
The problems haven't even begun
as yet, Chandan Sharma.
Your sister's done.
I will destroy her!
You won't be able to.
Because she is not alone like you.
We are with her.
It is being said that your sister
has a hand in this murder.
Is that true?
What do you have
to say about this, sir?
Look, please don't
teach me the law.
My child's mother is a top lawyer.
But what about the bones that are found?
- Feed them to the dogs.
In any case a corpse doesn't
turn into a skeleton in 3 days.
Chitwan.
- It takes time.
What the hell are you doing?
We have to keep them busy, Baba..
..so that Chanchal
gets away from the back.
What?
- Let's go.
Let's go.
O, God! You..!
This is a whisper.
And this is moronic!
Chanchal, my dear.
We totally agree with you.
And we know that you did
not get the Kunwar killed.
Why don't you understand?
This evidence is Nirmala's ploy.
She is instigating the public
by spreading such rumors.
She is absolutely correct.
She should be the one in politics.
Look, my dear.
The atmosphere is not good.
The media wants sensational news.
The public is impetuous.
And your brother's advent
under the circumstances.
You are aware everyone here is
against his obscene book.
Consequently it would be best
you go away for a few days.
Run away out of fear?
- No.
Go and look for Pranav.
Only Pranav's safety
can shut them up.
But if I leave..
- Please come quickly.
People are shouting slogans.
And something is written
on the banners.
Her highness is a murderer.
Chanchal has become a politician.
We met her at the carnival.
Pranav is lost.
No, no.
Not in the carnival, baby.
Actually Baba wrote in the
book that he is impotent.
Hey!
Not Chanchal, baby.
Anyway, forget all that.
Basically the problem now is
that there is a skeleton.
No.
Not in her closet, baby.
And it isn't even Pranav's.
The naughty sister-in-law
played a game.
No, I'm not high.
I swear.
- Hello.
Hello..?
- Yes, Chanchal.
You stay there.
We are coming.
One second.
Sri Maheshwari Bhavan.
Check that on the map.
Yes.
You stay there.
We are coming.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay.
We must pick up Chanchal
and leave quickly.
Road trip?
We have to go looking for Pranav.
We have to go straight, right?
Chitwan, what the hell are you doing?
- Shhh!
My child is sleeping.
What..?
Are you crazy, scumbag?
I am telling you to look at the map..
..and you are busy on the phone.
Baba, you keep swearing at me.
Our family is growing.
You are older.
You have to set an example
for the youngsters.
Come on!
Damn!
Get out.
Get out of the car!
Baba, technically
the car is mine.
I'll go.
- Hey.
Baba?
Sister-in-law is behind.
They never want to solve the problem.
They always try to increase it.
As it is I don't have
network at this time.
Psst.
What?
- We have to go in this direction.
Did you see the map?
- Yeah.
Let's go.
Baba.
When you're angry
you're more beautiful.
Down with her highness!
Open the gate!
Chanchal, hop in.
They got away!
The main accused of Kunwar
Pranav Singh murder..
..his wife Chanchal has absconded
with the help of her two brothers.
If the people here are
to be believed..
..both her brothers are involved
in this murder with her.
This is Bunty Chaurasia with
cameraman Dilip Pradhan, C star news.
Chanchu.
I'm really sorry you went through
so much trouble because of me.
I'm very sad that we are
in this situation..
..but I'm very happy that
we're all together now..
..and we are handling
this situation maturely.
Bro, you are genius!
Why?
I mean, how?
I am watching the news now.
Siblings absconding.
The impotent brother-in-law is missing.
The plot for part two is fixed.
And I'm excited because this time..
Bye.
You're gonna be a franchise.
We're like Marvel, Baba.
Will my doll also be made, Baba?
- No.